# 5-Star Students General Terms of Use

**1.** This Terms of Service Agreement is made by and between 5-Star Students, LLC (hereinafter, "5-STAR”), a California Limited Liability Company, with offices in Murrieta, California, and you the user (you, your or User).

These Terms of Service contain the terms and conditions that govern the use of the 5-STAR Services, and 5-STAR’s products, software, services (collectively, the “Services”). By accessing, visiting, browsing, using or attempting to interact with or use and part of the Services, you agree that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. We may update thin the future, and 5-STAR reserves the right, with or without notice, to make changes to the Terms of Service at 5-STAR’s discretion. Continued use of any part of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such changes. You will be able to find the most current version of this agreement at [5starstudents.com/terms](http://5starstudents.com/terms)

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE ANY PART OF THE SERVICES.

**2\. ACCESS TO THE SERVICES.** To access the Services, resources, links or other content, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Services that all the information you provide will be correct, current, and complete. If 5-STAR believes the information you provide is not correct, current, or complete, 5-STAR has the right to deny access to the Services, or to any of its resources, and to terminate or suspend your access at any time.

**3\. APPLICABLE USE OF SERVICES.** You may use the Services for purposes expressly permitted by 5-STAR’s Services and these Terms of Service. As a condition of your use of 5-STAR's the Services, you warrant to 5-STAR that you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.

**4\. NO UNLAWFUL ACCESS.** In addition, you agree that you will not use the Services or 5-STAR's Services in any manner that could in any way disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Services or otherwise interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Services. You further agree that you will not obtain, or attempt to obtain, any materials, content, or information by any means not expressly made available or provided for through authorized use of the Services.

**5\. 5-STAR’S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.** You acknowledge and agree that the Services contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws and treaties. You further acknowledge and agree that material contained in sponsor advertisements or presented to you through the Services is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. You may not modify, copy, distribute, display, send, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or otherwise infringe on any intellectual property rights related to any information, content, software, products or services obtained from or otherwise connected to the Services.

Subject to these Terms of Service, 5-STAR grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the Services; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Services, unless such activity is expressly permitted or required by law or has been expressly authorized by 5-STAR in writing. You agree not to use modified versions of the Services, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Services. You agree not to access the Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by 5-STAR for use in accessing the Services except as specifically authorized in a separate written agreement.

Except as expressly authorized by 5-STAR you agree not to use, copy, imitate, or incorporate any trademark, service mark, trade dress, company name, or product name in a way that is likely to cause confusion among consumers. You also agree not to remove, obscure, or alter 5-STAR's or any third party's copyright notice, trademarks, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the Services.

**6\. SUBMISSIONS.** 5-STAR claims no ownership or control over any content submitted, posted or displayed by you through 5-STAR’s services which is not viewable by the public. You or a third party licensor, as appropriate, retain all patent, trademark and copyright to any content you submit, post or display on or through 5-STAR’s services and you are responsible for protecting those rights, as appropriate. By submitting, posting or displaying content on or through the Services which are intended to be available to the members of the public, you grant 5-STAR a worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, adapt, modify, publish and distribute such content through the Services for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting the Services. 5-STAR reserves the right to refuse to accept, post, display or transmit any content in its sole discretion.

You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any content submitted.

**7\. HYPERLINKING.** The Services may be hyperlinked to and by other services which are not maintained by, or related to, 5-STAR. Hyperlinks to such services are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by, endorsed or otherwise affiliated with this Services or 5-STAR. 5-STAR has not reviewed any or all of such services and is not responsible for the content of any linking services, and any links made directly from a 5-STAR’s website to another web page should be accessed at the User's own risk. 5-STAR makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, quality or accuracy of any such services.

**8\. USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES.** 5-STAR's Services and/or Services may contain forums, bulletin board services, chat areas, message boards, news feeds, news groups, communities, personal web pages, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to allow you to communicate with the Internet community or with a group (collectively, "Communications Services"). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and content that are considered proper and related to the particular Communication Service. Among other actions, when using a Communication Service, you agree that you will not post, send, submit, publish, or transmit in connection with this Services, or cause to be posted, sent, submitted, published or transmitted, any material that:

1.  you do not have the right to post, including any proprietary material of any third party protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity);
2.  advocates illegal activity, discusses an intent to commit an illegal act or violates any law;
3.  is vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or indecent;
4.  threatens or abuses others;
5.  is libelous or defamatory towards others;
6.  is racist, abusive, harassing, threatening or offensive;
7.  seeks to exploit or harm children by exposing them to inappropriate content, or asking for personally identifiable details or information;
8.  harvests or otherwise collects information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent;
9.  impersonates or misrepresents your connection to any other entity or person or otherwise manipulates or forges headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of content;
10.  falsifies or deletes any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is permissibly uploaded (e.g., copyright, trademark or patent notices);
11.  includes programs that contain viruses, worms and/or Trojan horses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications device;
12.  disrupts the normal flow of dialogue, causes a screen to scroll faster than other users are able to type, or otherwise act in a way which affects the ability of other people to engage in real-time activities via the Services;
13.  amounts to a pyramid or other like scheme, including contests, chain letters, and surveys;
14.  disobeys any policy or regulations including any code of conduct or other guidelines, established from time to time regarding use of the Services or any networks connected to the Services; or
15.  contains hyperlinks to other services that contain content that falls within the scope of this Section.

You acknowledge that any materials uploaded using the Services may be subject to posted limits on use, reproduction and/or dissemination and you are responsible for abiding by such limitations with respect to your submissions, including any downloaded materials. Notwithstanding these rights, you remain solely responsible for the content of your submissions. You acknowledge and agree that neither 5-STAR nor any third party that provides content to 5-STAR will assume or have any liability for any action made by 5-STAR or such third party with respect to any submission.

**9\. RIGHT TO TERMINATE ACCESS.** 5-STAR reserves the right to monitor use of the Services to determine compliance with these Terms of Service, as well as the right to edit, refuse to post or remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion. 5-STAR reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.

**10\. DISCLOSURE UNDER LAW.** 5-STAR reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.

**11\. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.** 5-STAR cautions you against using the Services to upload or store any personally identifying information about third parties without express consent from such parties. In an effort to preserve your privacy, 5-STAR agrees that it will treat any personally identifying information that you submit through the Services in accordance with the terms outlined in its Privacy Policy at [5starstudents.com/privacy](http://5starstudents.com/privacy)

**12\. DISCLAIMER & LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.** You understand that 5-STAR cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that the Services or files available for downloading from the 5-STAR Services will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that may cause damage or harm to your computer(s) or network(s). You acknowledge that you will be solely responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to protect your computer(s) and network(s), and that you will maintain adequate means of backup of your personal data, external to the Services. 5-STAR further disclaims any responsibility to ensure that the content located on the Services is necessarily complete and up-to-date.

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT CONTAINED THERIN ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, 5-STAR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. 5-STAR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR CONTENT CONTAINED ON ANY 5-STAR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. 5-STAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING USE, OR THE RESULT OF USE, OF ANY CONTENT IN TERMS OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CONTENT MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, AND 5-STAR MAY MAKE CHANGES OR IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SERVICES OR THE SERVICES. 5-STAR MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SERVICES OR THIS SERVICE WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH CONTENT.

5-STAR, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF REVENUE OR INCOME, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF 5-STAR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF 5-STAR AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE), EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO 5-STAR FOR THE APPLICABLE CONTENT OR SERVICE OUT OF WHICH LIABILITY AROSE.

**13\. INDEMNITY.** You agree to indemnify and hold 5-STAR, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, service providers, employees, agents, officers, directors, and contractors (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any breach of these Terms of Use by you, including any use of Content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use. You agree that the Indemnified Parties will have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use, and you agree to indemnify any and all resulting loss, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees of the Indemnified Parties in connection therewith. You will also indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any claims brought by third parties arising out of your use of the Services; the information accessed by you from the Services; or uploaded by you to the Services.

**14\. TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS.** Trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrighted works (hereinafter, "intellectual property") appearing in the Services are the property of 5-STAR or the party that provided the intellectual property to 5-STAR. 5-STAR and any party that provides intellectual property to 5-STAR retain all rights with respect to any of their respective intellectual property appearing in the Services. All contents of the Services originating from 5-STAR are: Copyright © 2013 5-Star Students, LLC. All rights reserved.

**15\. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.** If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide 5-STAR's copyright agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying 5-STAR and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed. Please include the following:

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest:

*   A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
*   A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services, including the current Services address;
*   Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
*   A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is unauthorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
*   A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

5-STAR's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:

5-Star Students, LLC  
Attn: Copyright Agent  
39252 Winchester Road, Suite 107-178  
Murrieta, CA 92563

OR by e-mail at: [info@5starstudents.com](mailto:info@5starstudents.com)

**16\. SECURITY.** Any passwords used for the Services are for individual use only. You will be responsible for the security of your password(s). From time to time, 5-STAR may require that you change your password. You are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in connection with the Services to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password crackers, rootkits, Trojan horses, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, 5-STAR reserves the right to release your account details to system administrators at other services and/or the authorities in order to assist them in resolving security incidents. 5-STAR reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms of Service. 5-STAR reserves the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or direction 5-STAR to disclose the identity of anyone posting any e-mail messages, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms of Service.

BY USING THE SERVICES AND ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE YOU WAIVE ALL RIGHTS AND AGREE TO HOLD 5-STAR HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY 5-STAR DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER 5-STAR OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

**17\. MISCELLANEOUS.** These Terms of Service will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the state of California, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. You specifically consent to exclusive personal jurisdiction in California in connection with any dispute between you and 5-STAR arising out of these Terms of Service or pertaining to the subject matter hereof. The parties to these Terms of Service each agree that the exclusive venue for any dispute between the parties arising out of these Terms of Service will be in the state and federal courts in Riverside County, California.

If any part of these Terms of Service is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and 5-STAR as a result of this Terms of Service agreement or use of the Services. These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between the user and 5-STAR with respect to the Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any additional terms and conditions regarding the Services will govern the items to which they pertain. 5-STAR may revise these Terms of Service at any time by updating this posting.
